>>>>[THEME MUSIC] And I think
many people today don't
know what to believe anymore.
>>People are basically
going to keep on
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>It felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
I'm George Noory.
Now, you know watching
this program over the years
that we have dealt with
many psychic mediums, people
who deal with the other side.
And we've got that again
for you on this edition
of "Beyond Belief."
But you might want
to ask yourself,
what is an intuition
development expert?
My gosh, what does that mean?
Well, take a look.
>>SUSANNE WILSON: Hi, my
name is Susanne Wilson.
I'm a psychic medium,
consultant, and teacher.
As a child, I knew
I was different
because I could tune in to
colors and energies and spirit
around people.
But I also learned
that not everyone
saw the world the
same way that I
did so I learned to hide my
abilities at a very young age.
During my life, I
have pursued what
you would call "being normal."
I've been married over 25 years.
I have a bachelor's
degree, master's degree,
certifications-- pursued a very
successful corporate career.
But all the while, I felt
like a part of me was missing.
I would secretly go to
psychic development seminars,
study with mentors and
teachers and read books
and very quietly on
the side do readings
for friends and
friends of friends.
And that is until 2007, when
spirit got my attention.
I had a near-death
experience that
caused me to focus on what
was really important to me
and that is using
the gift that I
have to help others
to live a life filled
what purpose and peace.
I believe that each
of us have gifts
that have been given to us.
It is our job to identify
them and leverage
them to help others and to
also grow ourselves as souls.
I teach spiritual development.
I also give readings and
teach Reiki and seminars.
I can work with people
by telephone or in person
at my office in Carefree,
Arizona, just outside Phoenix
and Scottsdale.
Whatever work that
I do with a client,
my goal is that I will
receive information
that is for the client's
best and highest good.
Thank you for allowing me
to introduce myself today.
My name is Susanne Wilson and my
website is carefreemedium.com.
>>NOORY: Well,
there you have it.
That's an intuition
development expert.
But Susanne Wilson is also
an evidential psychic medium.
What does that mean?
>>WILSON: Well, George, an
evidential psychic medium
focuses on linking to the
loved one that's coming through
for the client and blending
our energies together
so that we can pick up
those little details that
are so important.
Like just the other
day, I had someone
coming through and in
my mind, I'm saying,
give me something so that
they know it's really you.
And what I heard was
"one yellow rose."
So I said, your mom is saying
"one yellow rose" to you.
And she says, nobody knows I put
one yellow rose in her coffin
right before she was buried.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>WILSON: So that's the
kind of evidence you want.
>>NOORY: That's chilling
when you hear that.
It's really chilling.
So we just got a
little glimpse of you
and your life, just
a little glimpse.
But you had mentioned that you
had a near-death experience.
Do you care to
share that with us?
What happened?
>>WILSON: Sure.
In 2007, I was undergoing
allergy testing,
where they punch your arms
and they put the allergens in.
>>NOORY: Just to
see what swells up.
>>WILSON: Exactly.
And I had already
had one appointment.
This was the second
appointment, where
they give you a lot more
of the stuff they put in.
And I said, you know, my
throat's getting tight.
I'm feeling hot.
And the technician
at first said, well,
we'll just turn up
the air conditioning.
And I said, no, no, no.
I'm really sick.
>>NOORY: Oh, boy.
>>WILSON: She left the room.
Now, how long are you going
to die in a doctor's office?
Not very long, right?
It turns out it
doesn't take that long.
>>NOORY: You had a reaction
to one of those little--
>>WILSON: I did.
Oh my gosh--
>>NOORY: Pinpricks?
>>WILSON: My throat started
honking like a goose
and then it just closed off.
And as the doctors were
running in the room,
I stepped backwards
and out of my body.
>>NOORY: Whoa!
>>WILSON: I thought,
OK, this is it.
Well, it turns out I
didn't want to come back.
I only had a few seconds but I
was hearing this amazing music,
like thousands of
voices singing.
>>NOORY: You really wanted
to stay on the other side?
>>WILSON: Oh, it was great.
Well, I felt the arms of my
grandfather all around me
and I thought, I have
never felt this good.
And then, I could see people
in the room with my body--
>>NOORY: Panicking--
>>WILSON: Holding me up.
Oh, they're panicked,
all right, and they were
getting an injection ready.
And it's like they're
moving in slow motion.
All the people look
flat and shiny.
It's different perspective
when you're not in the body.
When I saw the needle
get jabbed into my arm,
I was very rudely vacuum-sucked
back into my body.
>>NOORY: Was it like adrenaline
they were shooting into you?
Epinephrine?
>>WILSON: Yeah.
And even in the ambulance,
I was lying there going,
why did heaven reject me?
That place was nice.
>>NOORY: What was it-- did you
find out what reaction you had
to what?
>>WILSON: No, we never
found out and so many things
lit up on my arm.
>>NOORY: That would have
been nice to know, right,
because that could happen again.
>>WILSON: Well,
then maybe I'll just
keep going into the
light next time.
But this time, I had
heard a voice say,
your work hasn't started yet.
And I thought, are
you kidding me?
I've got my degrees.
I've been working really hard.
What work?
And I didn't think about
it again for several weeks.
>>NOORY: So when you
came back, did you
find that you were more
tuned in to the other side?
>>WILSON: I found that
I couldn't tune out
the other side.
Before this, I had been
ashamed of the abilities
that I was born with.
>>NOORY: Why?
>>WILSON: I felt it just
was too woo-woo, too
crazy, plus there were a lot of
religious people in my family.
So I hid in the closet-- I
call it the "psychic closet"--
for a very long time.
And I was interested in
developing the abilities
because I knew I had them.
I had them since birth.
But I kept it secret when
I would go to a seminar
and I studied in the '90s
with James Van Praagh, who
was one of my first teachers.
>>NOORY: Know him well.
>>WILSON: Great
teacher, amazing.
>>NOORY: Lots of energy.
>>WILSON: Yes but I
wouldn't tell anybody
that I did that on the
weekend and then came back
to my corporate job.
What happened is
I'd be in a meeting
and I could see
everybody's auras.
I could see all their spirit
people lining up around them.
And I thought, now,
I need to go get help
after this near-death
experience to know
how to manage this thing.
>>NOORY: So you are convinced
beyond a shadow of a doubt
that the other side is real.
It exists.
It's there.
>>WILSON: We have
nothing to fear.
It's there.
>>NOORY: Don't want
to get there too early
but there's nothing
to worry about there.
>>WILSON: Well, from
what the dead tell me
and that's what I base all
of my list of suppositions
and my beliefs, we have
different access exit
points built into our life.
And on a soul level, we may or
may not take that exit point.
But when we do,
there is no pain.
Now, the process of being sick
or being injured or whatever
happens that leads
up to the death
could have pain but
the transition itself
is pain-free and beautiful.
They talk about going to
wonderful welcome-home parties
and seeing their dog or
their cat and their grandma
or grandpa and meeting ancestors
they've never met before,
who know all about
them because they've
been following their lives.
Who wouldn't be looking
forward to something like that?
>>NOORY: What about the
demonic side of death?
We hear so much about that.
Did you witness any of that when
you had that very brief death
encounter?
>>WILSON: No, it was
all loving and positive
but there is a dark side
to connecting with spirit.
I'm not a Pollyanna, fluffy
person saying, it's all good.
It's all love.
If your light is bright--
and your light is bright
when you're tuned
in-- then that's
going to attract whatever
is interested in you.
And that's why I'm very careful
about teaching grounding
and protection-- discernment.
I would say, just like
in the general population
here on the planet.
Let's say 3% of
people are dangerous.
I don't know what the
percent really is.
Well, as on earth, so in heaven.
>>NOORY: It's the same thing.
>>WILSON: Pretty much.
>>NOORY: You've got that.
I had read a long
time ago that there
are different levels
on the other side,
that the higher the
level, the closer you
get to that perfection--
call it "heaven."
But on the lower levels,
it might be considered hell
and you don't want
to be around there.
And I had read a book
by Hereward Carrington
and Sylvan Muldoon called "The
Projection of the Astral Body,"
where they talk
about these levels
and that sometimes when you're
in your astral state, which
is almost like the
dying state, you
get to these different levels
or you have to go through them.
And they had talked about
how on the lower level,
entities are trying to
grab them and capture them
and things like that.
Did you ever talk to anybody
who has experienced that, where
they went through
those horrible levels
to get to the higher level?
>>WILSON: I have brought through
spirits who were addicted,
who were selling drugs, who
were involved in violent acts,
and they've told me
that the creator never
turned his back on them, that
there was always an opportunity
to move on to a higher level
and that self-forgiveness
was the most important step
and that they did progress.
And then, I've
also done readings
for people who have sat down
in front of me and I'm like,
oh, there's dark energy
around this person
because the lower
entities, they vibe
towards places where
bad things are happening
and people who are negative.
But the bottom line is,
it is never too late.
Even after death, it's not
too late to improve your soul
and improve where you live
because they live over there.
The dead are alive.
>>NOORY: There's always room
for growth, isn't there?
>>WILSON: Exactly.
>>NOORY: So as you were telling
me that you give readings
to people, what can
people expect in a reading
and what are they looking for?
What are you looking
for as the medium?
>>WILSON: About 10 or 15
minutes before the reading,
I have the client's first name.
That's all I want and I
write their first name
on the top of a piece of paper.
And then, I start doing
automatic writing.
>>NOORY: Ah.
>>WILSON: And things
will start coming in.
I'll make some notes.
I also welcome their spiritual
team, their guides, angels,
loved ones in the light.
And I talk to them
and say, welcome.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm the medium.
Nothing gets through
unless I put it through.
You must have this client's
best interests at heart.
You must care about them.
Please give me whatever
evidence that you
can to prove that it's you.
I can see, hear, and feel you.
My preferred way is for you to
put the information directly
in my mind as a very
clear, spontaneous thought
but please use whichever
method is best for you.
And then, I introduce
them to my spiritual team
that will help them
with the communication.
So then, when the client
sits in front of me
or if they're on the
phone-- and you know what?
It works the same on
the phone because if you
came to my office in
Carefree, Georgie,
you'd find out I never look at
you at all during a reading.
>>NOORY: I was
just in Scottsdale.
Had I known you were there,
I would have popped in.
>>WILSON: Well, I
never look at my client
because I'm focused on the
pictures that I'm receiving.
And I try to set the
client's expectations
that although I have control
over this environment being
very loving-- there's not going
to be any scary, bad evil stuff
coming in-- I have no
control over who connects,
how long they stay, or what
they want to talk about.
But you can be assured that your
best interests are at heart.
And then, if people also
want to ask questions
around future potentials,
we can do that, as well.
>>NOORY: Can you do a quick
little reading with me
now or how does that work?
Can you spontaneously
do this or do
you have to prepare for that?
>>WILSON: I usually
do a preparation
of grounding and
protection and I
did do my prayers this morning.
I'm just trying to see--
>>NOORY: What about my prayers?
>>WILSON: I can see your aura.
Would you like me to tell
you what I see there?
>>NOORY: Yeah.
Yeah, what do you see?
>>WILSON: Well,
first off, you have
sort of like a cone shape
over your crown chakra,
which is directly above
your head, which tells me
that some of the time, you are
actually channeling directly
from your spiritual team.
So it's like the right
words just pop in to you.
You also have a deep
connection with spirit
and you have a deep connection
with a father figure
who pretty much stands
with you all the time, very
close to your right
shoulder-- likes
to pat you on the shoulder.
Have you ever felt like
you've been touched
since your father passed?
I know it's a matter of
record that your father passed
but he touches you.
>>NOORY: I feel presence, not a
physical touching but presence.
You know how you sometimes
know somebody is staring at you
and then, you turn around and
there they are staring at you?
That kind of feeling sometimes.
>>WILSON: And I feel
like one of the things
that you have in common with him
is a very strong solar plexus,
which is strong gut instincts.
Those gut instincts have
never led you wrong.
And you never have
to say goodbye.
I'm supposed to tell you you
never have to say goodbye.
It's not necessary
to say goodbye.
>>NOORY: Which is interesting
because when he passed,
I never had a chance
to say goodbye.
It happened relatively fast.
>>WILSON: Oh!
>>NOORY: I had gotten a
call from my sister who
has passed at this point
herself and she said,
dad's in the hospital.
He was in Detroit.
I was in St. Louis at the time.
And she said, dad's
in the hospital.
He's not doing well.
It was a real quick thing.
Apparently what had happened
was a couple weeks before that,
he had fell.
He fell or he stumbled but
apparently, he broke his neck.
And he didn't tell
anybody and he
didn't act like he was in pain.
And one day, my mother
noticed this huge lump.
His name was Gabriel and
she said, Gabe, what's
that big lump on your neck?
And he went, oh, nothing,
Georgette, nothing.
>>WILSON: Oh!
>>NOORY: And she said, no,
we're going to the doctor.
So my sister and
my mother and he
rushed to the ER room and the
doctor was looking at him.
And while he was
there, he said, he
has a broken neck
and the only way
we can fix this is we have to go
in through the back of his neck
and come out through his
throat area and patch him up.
And my dad heard this
and said, no, you're
not and closed
his eyes and died.
That's how fast he went.
So I never had that
chance to get out there
and to be with them for
that moment or anything.
I was getting these
calls from my sister
and he was gone, just like that.
So that's how fast it went.
>>WILSON: It happens
very commonly.
In fact, sometimes, people
are visiting their loved one
in the hospital.
They step out just for
a minute for a coffee--
>>NOORY: And they're gone.
>>WILSON: Yeah because
sometimes, it's
too hard for that loved
one to let go if you're
standing there looking at them.
It's not the same for everybody
but he's telling you--
>>NOORY: And he was 88.
>>WILSON: You never
have to say goodbye.
>>NOORY: Had a good run.
>>WILSON: Yeah.
Awesome.
>>NOORY: I'd be lucky to
have that kind of run.
Some time ago, a
friend of mine owns
a house in the Hollywood area
called the Ackerman House.
And Mark Rawlings,
who's my buddy who
happens to be the
president of our company,
paranormaldate.com, sometimes
had some people come in
because it's been reported
that Forrest Ackerman still
hangs around there.
Ackerman was a sci-fi expert,
producer, Hollywood-type,
but he was well-known in the
sci-fi genre at that time.
So a group of people,
including yourself,
decided to spend several
days there and conduct
seances and the like.
I want to take a
look, first of all,
at the Forrest
Ackerman situation.
>>WILSON: Otherwise, and
then she shakes her head.
So he would.
He would have lived to 100.
He was tired of being
without her and he was tired.
>>Does it fit--
>>WILSON: He has so much energy.
>>I have to ask these
things because I don't know.
>>Yeah, he decided to die.
He was in complete control.
>>WILSON: Yes.
>>That's why I'm asking.
>>WILSON: He's talking
about the last supper
and he's knowing it's coming.
He's made a decision
and he's acting
like he's going to just turn
off the TV or something,
pull the plug on the
TV type of thing.
He's just deciding that's it
and it's going to be black.
He's showing me, maybe
I'll be in the stars.
I'll float to the stars
and I'll cease to exist.
And it's not like that at all.
>>NOORY: That was interesting.
Give me your take
on that experience.
>>WILSON: I love the name
of the place, "Ackermansion"
for Forrest J. Ackerman.
And it was great that Mark
invited us to the house.
There was a huge team.
Rosemary Ellen Guiley was there.
Dr. Gary Schwartz, who I've
worked with as a research
medium, was there--
>>NOORY: Great guests on
"Coast to Coast" with us, too.
>>WILSON: Jamie
Clark, psychic medium,
and a team doing camera
work and EVP work.
And it's an 18-room house
so there's plenty of room.
>>NOORY: It's a mansion.
>>WILSON: It is.
You could get lost in there.
The minute you walk in, you
know something's different.
There's a lot of spirit
activity going on everywhere.
It's not all Mr.
Ackerman and his family.
There's just-- Hollywood
is very haunted itself.
But I had a really
crazy experience where
I was awakened three times.
There were no locks on
doors but someone came in,
opened the door, took a
couple steps in, and just
looked at me as
I'm lying in bed.
>>NOORY: You saw this?
>>WILSON: I saw it.
I could not make out the person.
It was just a big,
large, dark figure
but they were backlit because
the hallway light was on.
>>NOORY: That's unnerving.
>>WILSON: It is because
there's no lock on the door
and I'm spending the
night in this house.
>>NOORY: With people
you don't know.
>>WILSON: Yeah, exactly.
So I sit up and go, hey and
they back out and slam the door.
>>NOORY: I happen to know
Rosemary walks around
at night with an axe.
I'm kidding, Rosemary, kidding.
>>WILSON: Well, the second
time it happened, I thought,
this is ridiculous.
Don't these camera crew
people talk to each other
and know there's a
lady in this room?
Third time, someone
came in, same big, dark,
shadow figure-- had a laser
pointer and went like this
all the way across the
bed, hit me in the face,
and I'm yelling.
And then, they back
out, slam the door.
I got up, got dressed,
sat on the bed-- then
I listened at the door.
I could hear
nothing, not a peep.
I was mad.
To me, this wasn't paranormal.
>>NOORY: You were
violated, basically.
>>WILSON: Yes, this is some
rude guy on a camera crew.
>>NOORY: How many
people were in the crew?
>>WILSON: There
was 20-some people.
>>NOORY: Oh, my gosh.
>>WILSON: It was a big group.
>>NOORY: Everybody was
staying in that house?
>>WILSON: Yep and I
felt like maybe somebody
didn't tell somebody that
there was a lady in the room.
So I got up, got dressed--
I emailed Gary Schwartz, who
was staying at a hotel,
about 3:00 AM saying,
this is unacceptable.
These people don't
expect privacy.
I need to be moved
to a hotel tomorrow.
Get up in the morning--
go downstairs.
There's Paul Davids and you
know Paul from "Roswell."
And Paul says,
Susanne, I understand
you've had quite an experience.
He had already--
before I'd gotten up,
he'd gotten Gary's email.
He'd interviewed
everyone in the house.
No one would step
up and say that they
were the one that came in.
>>NOORY: Nor would they.
>>WILSON: No.
No and so my reaction, well,
I think then somebody's lying.
No offense but somebody's
lying because this
looked like a person.
I'm not that easy to fool,
ghost, spirit, person.
>>NOORY: One time, all right,
maybe a mistake, right?
>>WILSON: Yes.
>>NOORY: Two times,
eh-- three times?
Somebody's searching around.
>>WILSON: I'm convinced
that it's a person.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>WILSON: So what happened
then, Rosemary Ellen Guiley
had to leave and go out
to contact in the desert.
So she took off.
We're still there.
She texts Paul Davids
and says, oh, gosh,
I really need my laser pointer
for my presentation here.
It's not in my laptop
case where I keep that.
They turned that
house upside down
and could not find
her laser pointer.
I just saw Rosemary
a couple weeks ago.
She said, weeks
later, even though she
had searched that
laptop case, she
had turned every
pocket inside-out,
her and her husband, that laser
pointer showed up recently.
>>NOORY: There it was.
>>WILSON: Mm-hmm.
Was it an apport?
I don't know but it
sure is interesting.
>>NOORY: That is
an interesting tic.
>>WILSON: I had my
name called out.
I had a lot of things going.
We had a wonderful seance.
>>NOORY: So your conclusion--
your total conclusion was what?
>>WILSON: The
Ackermansion is haunted.
The Ackermansion has a lot
of loving, excited energy
because the whole house was
filled with sci-fi memorabilia.
Mr. Ackerman used to
have people come in and--
>>NOORY: He had parties
there and everything.
>>WILSON: Yes, it's amazing.
>>NOORY: So you're convinced
he's the one haunting?
>>WILSON: No, I think
he comes and visits
because he loves the place.
I really think it's the
area there in Hollywood
because as a medium,
I can look out
the window of the
Ackermansion and I can
see spirits walking everywhere.
You go down to
downtown Hollywood,
there's spirits walking
right through people.
>>NOORY: They're
everywhere, right?
If a spirit gets reincarnated
and comes back in human form,
does that mean it's gone
from the spirit realm?
So it doesn't hap--
it doesn't haunt.
It doesn't come back?
Once it reincarnates,
is it gone?
>>WILSON: You know, George,
this is one of those things
I just don't know and I'm
still gathering information.
I have been told a couple
different theories.
The soul divides, like
there's 50 George Noorys
out there living in
different dimensions,
living different
lives in one soul.
>>NOORY: So it still
could be there.
>>WILSON: Right.
And then, I've been
told by spirits, oh,
but I'm coming
through for my wife.
Tell my wife, don't worry.
I'm going to wait 100 years
before I reincarnate so
that we can be together again.
I'm not really
sure how it works.
I just know that
the soul's eternal
and we seem to shift
between dimensions.
>>NOORY: And as you know,
this program is interactive
and we take some
phone calls here.
So let's go to our first
caller for Susanne.
>>AUDIENCE: Hey, Susanne.
My name is Mike
from Studio City.
I was just wondering if
everyone has the potential
to be a psychic.
>>NOORY: So what do you think?
>>WILSON: Mike, thank
you for the question.
Yes, I do believe that everybody
has potential to be psychic.
The psychic abilities
are built into the body.
It's just like if
you bought a car
and it had a really awesome GPS
system but you never used it.
You're wasting a resource.
It had XM radio but you
never turned on the music.
You're wasting a resource.
The ability to see, hear,
and feel information,
to have gut instincts,
to just know,
it is built into the body.
Now, the mediumship
is different.
The mediumship is connecting
with "discarnates" or those
who are not in bodies anymore.
I do not believe that everyone
has the ability for mediumship.
>>NOORY: Aha.
>>WILSON: I believe that
everyone has the ability
to recognize and receive
messages from their own loved
ones in the light and the loved
ones in the light work at it.
They practice it.
But I don't think everybody
has a built-in ability
to receive messages and
do readings for others.
I think mediums
are born, not made.
>>NOORY: We're not all
James Van Praaghs, are we?
>>WILSON: No.
>>NOORY: All right, let's
go to our next caller.
>>AUDIENCE: Hi, Susanne.
My name is Dennis and I
wanted to know how I find out
who my spirit guides are.
>>NOORY: Well, now that's
an interesting question.
>>WILSON: Dennis, thank
you for the question.
Everyone has a spiritual
team of guides, angels,
and loved ones in the
light and a spiritual team
is a gift from the creator.
And we need all the
resources that we
can get because Earth is
said to be the toughest
classroom in the galaxy.
To find out who your
guides are, make sure
that you're in a very
calm and relaxed state
and work on your
grounding and protection.
Some people will use
a grounding bubble
or say a prayer, like
the Lord's Prayer.
And just know that you're
in a positive state.
And then, you have to focus on
your breath, your breathing,
and just be open.
Create a place that
you can see, hear,
and feel in your mind's eye
and make it very, very real
because remember, spirit guides
don't have physical places,
physical bodies.
So when you create
that meeting place,
you're actually speaking
what I call the "love
language of the afterlife."
Some people choose a
park bench in a park
and they go and
they sit and say,
I'm ready to meet my guides.
Trust any and all
information that you receive,
as long as it feels
loving and it feels good.
And make sure that you
journal directly afterwards
because the more
that you do this,
the more that you'll start
to pick up the information.
And you'll see
patterns and trends
in how you're receiving it.
>>NOORY: Are your guides
also your guardian angels?
>>WILSON: There is
one guardian angel
and one guide that is with each
individual from birth to death.
Other angels and other
guides will come and go
for a season or a reason,
depending on what you're
going through in your life.
And even loved ones,
pets-- animals can
be guides because
your dog, your cat,
your horse can come in and give
you peace of mind and healing.
>>NOORY: Let's go to our
final caller here for Susanne.
Here we go.
>>AUDIENCE: My name is David.
I live in New York City.
I was curious if you ever
put yourself in danger
because of the work you do.
>>NOORY: I would guess
you do put yourself
in danger all the time.
>>WILSON: Yeah, David,
that's a good question.
No matter how hard I work on
my grounding and protection,
the brighter your
light, the brighter
your aura gets--
and doing this work
gives you a very
big, bright aura--
the more that you can attract
good, bad, or indifferent.
I have gone out and done
haunted house investigations
where I just walk in
and I'm the medium.
What do I pick up?
And I actually did
have a spirit follow
me home-- got in the car
with me, came in the house.
>>NOORY: Whoa.
>>WILSON: It was
very, very scary.
And since then, I've
learned that I really
have to be very choosy about
what I do and where I go.
Now, that example I gave
earlier at the Ackermansion's
a really good example.
Normally, each night,
I ask my guardian
angel-- her name's Mary
Ella-- I ask her, stand
at the doorway in the bedroom
and don't let anybody in
to disturb me.
When I was on this
project, I just
said, Mary Ella, don't
let anybody hurt me
but I can accept a visit.
>>NOORY: Susanne, I think
right now on this planet,
we're at a very tense time.
There seem to be conflicts
all over the planet.
They seem to be getting bigger.
Does the spirit world
ever communicate to you
that it's concerned about
the activities of humans,
that we're killing each
other, that something's going
to happen if this keeps up?
>>WILSON: Yes.
Recently, I was shown a vision
of two possible outcomes
for the Earth within 200 years.
One is 200 years from now,
wars have been fought.
Women can no longer be fertile.
Everybody that's born has to
be born through a test tube.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>WILSON: There's
nothing growing.
Food has to be manufactured
and it was a very desolate--
>>NOORY: That's a
horrible scenario.
>>WILSON: Oh, bleak, very bleak.
And then, the other
scenario is heaven on earth,
that plants, food,
everything flows and grows,
that we have peace and harmony.
And the difference in
those two scenarios
are the choices that each
of us make as individuals.
It starts with just one
and we're all connected.
But we create our future
through our thoughts, words,
and actions.
And this scenario was
actually shown to me
through a spirit guide
for a client who ended up
writing a book called
"Liberating Jesus," Roberta
Grimes, who you've
had on the show.
>>NOORY: Of course.
>>WILSON: Now personally,
even though I'm not
going to be here in
200 years-- none of us
are-- we'd like to
see this planet go on.
And the only way
that we can do that
is if we become obedient to
the creator's law of love.
And by "love," I don't
mean, oh, I've got
to go around and hug everybody.
I've got to feel love.
Love is not a feeling
in this context.
It's a behavior of
respect and compassion.
And it starts with ourselves,
treating ourselves well,
accepting who we are and
treating others well.
But yeah, I think there's
a really good chance in 200
years, the planet's going to be
a place that's uninhabitable.
Or it could be heaven on Earth.
>>NOORY: It could be.
Let's hope it's that.
You and I had an opportunity
to go to a seance
not too long ago in
Scottsdale, Arizona.
And the jury's still
out over that seance.
That was really my first
seance that I've attended.
I thought it was very well done,
in terms of what had happened
and the ingredients
that were in it,
spirits coming, talking,
touching you, feeling it.
In total blackness and darkness,
we couldn't see a thing.
However, I'm still
not sure personally
about its authenticity.
I just don't know.
I would like to have
a little more evidence
before I come forward and say,
hey, this, I think, was real.
This really happened or it
didn't or it was all trickery.
So I'm not sure because there
were some episodes there
that were a little confusing
for me-- holding hands, which
meant that if somebody
broke holding hands,
they were out
wandering around trying
to find out who are these
spirits and what's in there.
Is there some guy in a
black outfit in front of you
in the darkness touching you on
the head and things like that?
We weren't allowed to
bring in any metal objects,
mini flashlights,
nothing like that.
And I would have liked
to have done that.
Even if I would have
disrupted the seance,
I would've liked to have at
least turn the flashlight on
and see if there's
anybody in that room.
>>WILSON: Well, they say
that a light disturbance
could affect the ectoplasm.
The ectoplasm would snap
back into the physical medium
and potentially--
>>NOORY: And it would hurt him.
>>WILSON: Right, exactly.
But even though I've been
a medium my whole life,
I've never experienced
physical mediumship myself.
So this was the first time and
I had no idea what to expect.
And we were sitting side
by side so you know that--
>>NOORY: I think that was you.
I was in total darkness.
>>WILSON: Yeah,
exactly, total darkness,
total sensory deprivation
except for hearing.
>>NOORY: You could not see your
fingers in front of your hands.
It was that dark.
>>WILSON: That was a little
scary in and of itself.
But they played
beautiful music so it
felt uplifting and emotional.
My grandfather came through
with a phrase that really meant
a lot to me that I had heard
him say thousands of times
and it really shook me.
And as a mental medium, what
I did was a few days later,
I put out the call to him,
granddad, if you're around,
I really want to connect.
We have a certain meeting
place that I've constructed
on the mental plane.
We met there and he
said, yes, I was there.
And he also said there
were many spirits there.
They were preparing ahead
of time, just like they do,
to come through.
And that is the one thing
I'm sure of that was real.
I think the American audience
needs more information.
We need more evidence
>>NOORY: We sure do.
Yep.
>>WILSON: Because they've been
doing these physical mediumship
seances for many, many years
in England and apparently
in Australia, too.
And they're used to all of
the singing and the voices
and everything that goes on.
But some of it was unsettling
and interesting and some of it
was very touching.
>>NOORY: Susanne, if people
want to get a hold of you,
how do they find you?
And I noticed you've got some
great CDs, a series of CDs
out, as well.
>>WILSON:
Carefreemedium.com-- I'm
known as the Carefree Medium
because I live and work
in Carefree, Arizona.
And my book that will be
out in just a few months
is "Soul Smart--
What the Dead Teach
About Spirit Communication."
>>NOORY: I love that.
Well, thanks for being
on "Beyond Belief."
>>WILSON: Oh, it's been an
honor and a pleasure, George.
>>NOORY: Isn't that
fascinating, to be
able to talk to a psychic
medium who has that ability
to communicate with the
other side, the side
that one day we'll all be on?
I'm George Noory and thanks
for watching "Beyond Belief."